[FLINK-12461] Document Scala 2.12.x situation (#14780)
apache/flink: docs/dev/project-configuration.md

Please refer to the [build guide]({% link flinkDev/building.md %}#scala-versions)
for details on how to build Flink for a specific Scala version.

> Scala versions after 2.12.8 are not binary compatible with previous 2.12.x
> versions. The Flink project does therefore not offer releases for versions past
> 2.12.8. If you want, you can build Flink yourself for a later Scala version.
> Refer to the [build guide]({%link flinkDev/building.md %}#scala-versions) for
> more information, as mentioned above. For this to work, you need to add
> `-Djapicmp.skip` to skip binary compatibility checks when building.

Reviewer: It was a bit wordy, I think this sounds a little clearer. I also want to make it very clear this is out of our hands.

```suggestion
Scala versions after 2.12.8 are not binary compatible with previous 2.12.x
versions, preventing the Flink project from upgrading its 2.12.x builds beyond 2.12.8.
Users can build Flink locally for latter Scala versions by following the above mentioned
[build guide]({% link flinkDev/building.md %}#scala-versions). For this to work, users
need to add `-Djapicmp.skip` to skip binary compatibility checks when building.
```
